Add datetime/timedelta support to pytest.approx (#8395) (#14414)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/8395.feature.rst

> Added support for :class:`~datetime.datetime` and :class:`~datetime.timedelta` comparisons with :func:`pytest.approx`. An explicit ``abs`` tolerance as a :class:`~datetime.timedelta` is required; relative tolerance is not supported for time-based comparisons -- by :user:`hamza-mobeen`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for :class:`~datetime.datetime` and :class:`~datetime.timedelta` comparisons with :func:`pytest.approx`. An explicit ``abs`` or ``rel`` tolerance as a :class:`~datetime.timedelta` is required and relative tolerance is not supported for datetime comparisons -- by :user:`hamza-mobeen`.
```
